you
I want you to see psycho the way I
originally made it with every scene
intact the version TV did not dare show
the murderer
you see trapped in here very sory of
course the showers on there was their
sound and see it uncut intact no one
will be admitted to see it except from
the very beginning Alfred Hitchcock's
Psycho
rated M suggested for mature audiences
parental discretion advised Alfred
Hitchcock's greatest shocker see the
version teeny didn't dare show no one
admitted except at the beginning psycho
rated M suggested for mature audiences
see the version of psycho TV did not
dare show no one will be admitted except
at the beginning Alfred Hitchcock's
Psycho
rated M suggested for mature audiences
see the movie version TV didn't dare
show uncut intact Alfred Hitchcock's
Psycho see the version of psycho TV did
not dare show uncut in fact Alfred
Hitchcock's Psycho